Question 0: What is the URL of your python flask_restfull code on github???

https://github.com/GevinUA/404_Lab7.git


Question 1: How are Flask and Django different? What does Django provide for you that Flask does not?

--Flask supports API, where Django doesn't
--Flask does not support dynamic HTML, where Django does
--Flask provides various working style, where Django only provides Monolithic
--Flask URL dispatcher is RESTful request, where Django's based on controller-regex

Django provides the supporing of dynamic HTML, flask does not.


Question 2: What does REST stand for? When I say something is RESTful, what does that mean?

REST stands for Representational State Transfer. It’s an architectural pattern for creating web services. The RESTful means the web service that implements such pattern.


Question 3: What does CRUD stand for? For each letter in CRUD, give the associated HTTP method.

C stands for create, http method is POST
R stands for retrieve, http method is GET
U stands for Update, http method is PUT
D stand for delete, http method is DELETE


Question 4: What do HTTP 1XX Status Codes mean? HTTP 2xx? HTTP 3xx? HTTP 4xx? HTTP 5xx?

According to the MDN Web Docs, 
1xx means informational responses,
2xx means Successful responses,
3xx means Redirect messages,
4xx means Client error responses,
5xx means Server error responses.


Question 5: What is an XSS attack? Provide one way a site can be vulnerable to an XSS attack.

XSS attack means cross-site scripting attacks, referred to as hacker executes the malicious JavaScript within client's browser through some
vurnerable part of the website. By running their own code, hackers could steal some sensitive informations from browser or doing some
other bad actions.

A site can be vulnerable for many different ways. For example, it does not have the process of EscapeHTML(). If it does not replace the
special characters, browser cannot distinguish if it is the actual input from the user or an executable snippet of code. 
The consequence will be that hackers could execute JavaScript and steal informations.


Question 6: What does CORS stand for? What situation in web application development will you need to implement CORS protection?

CORS stands for Cross-Origin Resource Sharing, it allows us to make requests from one website to another website in the browser, which normally prohibited. For Frontend-backend separated application, we need to implement CORS, because we need to send request from frontend to the server.



